io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/login/client/WrapperLoginClientEncryptionResponse.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.login.client.WrapperLoginClientEncryptionResponse
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/game/client/WrapperGameClientKeepAlive.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.game.client.WrapperGameClientKeepAlive
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/PacketListenerAbstract.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.PacketListenerAbstract
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/serverbound/ServerboundPacketType_1_12_1.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.serverbound.ServerboundPacketType_1_12_1
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/netty/bytebuf/ByteBufAbstract.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.netty.bytebuf.ByteBufAbstract
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_15_2.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_15_2
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/reflection/WrapperPacketWriter.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.reflection.WrapperPacketWriter
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_16_2.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_16_2
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/impl/PostPlayerInjectEvent.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.impl.PostPlayerInjectEvent
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/login/client/WrapperLoginClientPluginResponse.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.login.client.WrapperLoginClientPluginResponse
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/manager/PEEventManager.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.manager.PEEventManager
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/manager/server/SystemOS.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.manager.server.SystemOS
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/injector/modern/early/PEChannelInitializerModern.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.modern.early.PEChannelInitializerModern
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/PacketEvents.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.PacketEvents
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/injector/ChannelInjector.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.ChannelInjector
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/settings/PacketEventsSettings.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.settings.PacketEventsSettings
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/versionlookup/v_1_7_10/SpigotVersionLookup_1_7.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.versionlookup.v_1_7_10.SpigotVersionLookup_1_7
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/netty/bytebuf/ByteBufLegacy.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.netty.bytebuf.ByteBufLegacy
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/immutableset/ImmutableSetAbstract.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.immutableset.ImmutableSetAbstract
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/manager/EventManagerModern.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.manager.EventManagerModern
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/immutableset/ImmutableSet_7.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.immutableset.ImmutableSet_7
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/processor/BukkitEventProcessorInternal.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.processor.BukkitEventProcessorInternal
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/list/ListWrapper.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.list.ListWrapper
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/impl/PacketDecodeEvent.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.impl.PacketDecodeEvent
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_13.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_13
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/utils/PacketWrapperUtils.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.utils.PacketWrapperUtils
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/vector/Vector3d.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.vector.Vector3d
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/serverbound/ServerboundPacketType_1_7_10.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.serverbound.ServerboundPacketType_1_7_10
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/version/PEVersion.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.version.PEVersion
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/injector/legacy/PacketDecoderLegacy.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.legacy.PacketDecoderLegacy
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/reflection/ReflectionObject.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.reflection.ReflectionObject
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.reflection.ReflectionObject$SupportedVersions
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/versionlookup/protocolsupport/ProtocolSupportVersionLookupUtils.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.versionlookup.protocolsupport.ProtocolSupportVersionLookupUtils
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/eventtypes/PlayerEvent.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.eventtypes.PlayerEvent
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/injector/modern/PacketDecoderModern.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.modern.PacketDecoderModern
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/nms/PlayerAPIModern.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.nms.PlayerAPIModern
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/netty/bytebuf/ByteBufUtil_8.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.netty.bytebuf.ByteBufUtil_8
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/eventtypes/CancellableEvent.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.eventtypes.CancellableEvent
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/serverbound/ServerboundPacketType_1_15_2.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.serverbound.ServerboundPacketType_1_15_2
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/PacketEventsPlugin.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.PacketEventsPlugin
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.PacketEventsPlugin$1
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/updatechecker/LowLevelUpdateCheckerModern.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.updatechecker.LowLevelUpdateCheckerModern
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/exceptions/ReflectionObjectFieldNotFoundException.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.exceptions.ReflectionObjectFieldNotFoundException
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/injector/modern/early/PaperChannelInjector.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.modern.early.PaperChannelInjector
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/nms/NMSUtils.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.nms.NMSUtils
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/injector/legacy/late/LateChannelInjectorLegacy.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.legacy.late.LateChannelInjectorLegacy
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/game/server/WrapperGameServerPluginMessage.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.game.server.WrapperGameServerPluginMessage
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_14.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_14
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/netty/channel/ChannelUtils.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.netty.channel.ChannelUtils
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/serverbound/ServerboundPacketType_1_9.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.serverbound.ServerboundPacketType_1_9
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/manager/server/ServerVersion.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.manager.server.ServerVersion
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/serverbound/ServerboundPacketType_1_12.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.serverbound.ServerboundPacketType_1_12
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/manager/server/ServerManager.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.manager.server.ServerManager
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/manager/player/Direction.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.manager.player.Direction
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/login/server/WrapperLoginServerDisconnect.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.login.server.WrapperLoginServerDisconnect
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/PacketTypeAbstract.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketTypeAbstract
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/updatechecker/LowLevelUpdateCheckerLegacy.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.updatechecker.LowLevelUpdateCheckerLegacy
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/serverbound/ServerboundPacketType_1_13.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.serverbound.ServerboundPacketType_1_13
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/boundingbox/RayTraceResult.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.boundingbox.RayTraceResult
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/google/GoogleOptionalUtils.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.google.GoogleOptionalUtils
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/updatechecker/UpdateChecker.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.updatechecker.UpdateChecker
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.updatechecker.UpdateChecker$UpdateCheckerStatus
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/impl/PlayerInjectEvent.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.impl.PlayerInjectEvent
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/status/server/WrapperStatusServerPong.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.status.server.WrapperStatusServerPong
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/status/client/WrapperStatusClientPing.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.status.client.WrapperStatusClientPing
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/gameprofile/GameProfileUtil_7.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.gameprofile.GameProfileUtil_7
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_14_4.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_14_4
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/versionlookup/VersionLookupUtils.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.versionlookup.VersionLookupUtils
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/google/OptionalUtils.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.google.OptionalUtils
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/serverbound/ServerboundPacketType_1_16_2.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.serverbound.ServerboundPacketType_1_16_2
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_9_3.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_9_3
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/geyser/GeyserUtils.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.geyser.GeyserUtils
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_9.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_9
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_17.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_17
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/eventtypes/PostTaskEvent.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.eventtypes.PostTaskEvent
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/injector/EarlyInjector.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.EarlyInjector
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/manager/player/ClientVersion.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.manager.player.ClientVersion
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/impl/PlayerEjectEvent.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.impl.PlayerEjectEvent
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/PacketListenerPriority.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.PacketListenerPriority
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/reflection/ReflectionObjectReader.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.reflection.ReflectionObjectReader
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/injector/legacy/early/PEChannelInitializerLegacy.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.legacy.early.PEChannelInitializerLegacy
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/manager/player/GameMode.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.manager.player.GameMode
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/manager/player/PlayerManager.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.manager.player.PlayerManager
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/serverbound/ServerboundPacketType_1_16.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.serverbound.ServerboundPacketType_1_16
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/versionlookup/viaversion/ViaVersionAccessorImplLegacy.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.versionlookup.viaversion.ViaVersionAccessorImplLegacy
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/login/server/WrapperLoginServerEncryptionRequest.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.login.server.WrapperLoginServerEncryptionRequest
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/reflection/ClassUtil.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.reflection.ClassUtil
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/login/server/WrapperLoginServerSetCompression.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.login.server.WrapperLoginServerSetCompression
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/entityfinder/EntityFinderUtils.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.entityfinder.EntityFinderUtils
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/pair/MojangPairUtils.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.pair.MojangPairUtils
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/netty/channel/ChannelUtils7.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.netty.channel.ChannelUtils7
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/guava/GuavaUtils_7.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.guava.GuavaUtils_7
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_16.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_16
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/world/Difficulty.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.world.Difficulty
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/immutableset/ImmutableSetCustom.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.immutableset.ImmutableSetCustom
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/manager/EventManager.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.manager.EventManager
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/netty/bytebuf/ByteBufUtil.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.netty.bytebuf.ByteBufUtil
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/gameprofile/GameProfileUtil.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.gameprofile.GameProfileUtil
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/math/MathUtils.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.math.MathUtils
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/reflection/SubclassUtil.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.reflection.SubclassUtil
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/versionlookup/viaversion/ViaVersionAccessorImpl.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.versionlookup.viaversion.ViaVersionAccessorImpl
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/injector/modern/late/LateChannelInjectorModern.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.modern.late.LateChannelInjectorModern
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/reflection/Reflection.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.reflection.Reflection
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/login/server/WrapperLoginServerLoginSuccess.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.login.server.WrapperLoginServerLoginSuccess
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/versionlookup/viaversion/ViaVersionLookupUtils.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.versionlookup.viaversion.ViaVersionLookupUtils
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/game/client/WrapperGameClientPluginMessage.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.game.client.WrapperGameClientPluginMessage
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/gameprofile/WrappedGameProfile.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.gameprofile.WrappedGameProfile
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/login/client/WrapperLoginClientLoginStart.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.login.client.WrapperLoginClientLoginStart
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/PacketState.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketState
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/handshaking/client/WrapperHandshakingClientHandshake.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.handshaking.client.WrapperHandshakingClientHandshake
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/game/client/WrapperGameClientSpectate.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.game.client.WrapperGameClientSpectate
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/eventtypes/CallableEvent.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.eventtypes.CallableEvent
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/game/client/WrapperGameClientChatMessage.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.game.client.WrapperGameClientChatMessage
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/bstats/Metrics.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.bstats.Metrics
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.bstats.Metrics$1
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.bstats.Metrics$AdvancedBarChart
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.bstats.Metrics$AdvancedPie
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.bstats.Metrics$CustomChart
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.bstats.Metrics$DrilldownPie
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.bstats.Metrics$JsonObjectBuilder
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.bstats.Metrics$JsonObjectBuilder$JsonObject
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.bstats.Metrics$MetricsBase
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.bstats.Metrics$MultiLineChart
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.bstats.Metrics$SimpleBarChart
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.bstats.Metrics$SimplePie
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.bstats.Metrics$SingleLineChart
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/manager/player/Skin.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.manager.player.Skin
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/game/client/WrapperGameClientUpdateSign.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.game.client.WrapperGameClientUpdateSign
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/updatechecker/LowLevelUpdateChecker.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.updatechecker.LowLevelUpdateChecker
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/exceptions/PacketEventsLoadFailureException.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.exceptions.PacketEventsLoadFailureException
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/injector/GlobalChannelInjector.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.GlobalChannelInjector
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/gameprofile/GameProfileUtil_8.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.gameprofile.GameProfileUtil_8
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/serverbound/ServerboundPacketType_1_8.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.serverbound.ServerboundPacketType_1_8
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/enums/EnumUtil.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.enums.EnumUtil
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/PacketType.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketType
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketType$1
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketType$Handshaking
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketType$Handshaking$Client
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketType$Login
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketType$Login$Client
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketType$Login$Server
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketType$Play
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketType$Play$Client
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketType$Play$Server
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketType$Status
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketType$Status$Client
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketType$Status$Server
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/injector/legacy/early/EarlyChannelInjectorLegacy.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.legacy.early.EarlyChannelInjectorLegacy
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.legacy.early.EarlyChannelInjectorLegacy$1
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/netty/bytebuf/ByteBufUtil_7.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.netty.bytebuf.ByteBufUtil_7
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_7_10.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_7_10
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/versionlookup/viaversion/ViaVersionAccessor.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.versionlookup.viaversion.ViaVersionAccessor
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/boundingbox/BoundingBox.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.boundingbox.BoundingBox
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/guava/GuavaUtils.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.guava.GuavaUtils
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/serverbound/ServerboundPacketType_1_17.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.serverbound.ServerboundPacketType_1_17
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/world/Dimension.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.world.Dimension
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/login/server/WrapperLoginServerPluginRequest.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.login.server.WrapperLoginServerPluginRequest
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/serverbound/ServerboundPacketType_1_14.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.serverbound.ServerboundPacketType_1_14
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/pair/Pair.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.pair.Pair
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/manager/player/Hand.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.manager.player.Hand
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/immutableset/ImmutableSet_8.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.immutableset.ImmutableSet_8
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/PacketWrapper.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.PacketWrapper
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_12_1.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_12_1
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_12.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_12
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/injector/LateInjector.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.LateInjector
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/vector/Vector3f.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.vector.Vector3f
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/vector/Vector3i.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.vector.Vector3i
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/list/ConcurrentList.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.list.ConcurrentList
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.list.ConcurrentList$Itr
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.list.ConcurrentList$ListItr
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/event/PacketEvent.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.event.PacketEvent
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_15.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_15
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/protocols/clientbound/ClientboundPacketType_1_8.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.protocols.clientbound.ClientboundPacketType_1_8
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/wrapper/game/client/WrapperGameClientPong.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.wrapper.game.client.WrapperGameClientPong
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/netty/channel/ChannelUtils8.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.netty.channel.ChannelUtils8
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/guava/GuavaUtils_8.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.guava.GuavaUtils_8
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/protocol/PacketSide.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.protocol.PacketSide
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/injector/modern/early/EarlyChannelInjectorModern.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.modern.early.EarlyChannelInjectorModern
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.injector.modern.early.EarlyChannelInjectorModern$1
io/github/retrooper/packetevents/utils/netty/bytebuf/ByteBufModern.java
 io.github.retrooper.packetevents.utils.netty.bytebuf.ByteBufModern
